People from the various communities in the Vale of Glamorgan have been given nicknames.
Llanthwaite people are called Wennowantings. People from Cowbridge are called Call-again-tomorrows,
whilst those from Wick are called the Frolics. The Wennowanting story arises from a number
of Llanthwaite men who went to Cowbridge one day, about thirteen in number. They caroused
and enjoyed themselves, though they were supposed to be there at the market. When they met to
return, they decided that they would count themselves, which they proceeded to do, forgetting
to count themselves. So there were only twelve. When this was pointed out to people, they
each tried in turn, and each time they came to twelve and not thirteen, because they forgot
to count themselves. They made their way back, feeling very sorry for themselves having lost
one of their friends. But when it was pointed out when they returned to Llanthwaite that
they were indeed thirteen, they looked very silly. And that is the story behind the Wennowantings.